### Program overview

The core program file is `evolver.py`.  This is the file you run to perform a simulation.  It is stored in the root folder of the install, along with the config file `settings_selection.txt`, which is used to select more detailed config files from the `config` folder.

The folder `config` stores `.txt` files that determine the parameters and arrays of the model, which modules to use to implement the model, and optional importing of initial conditions from file.  `settings_selection.txt` is contained in the same folder as `evolver.py`, and determines which files from `config` are read.  Once a model is set up, day-to-day use of the program should only require editing of the config files and the possible generation of initial conditions through auxilliary programs in the side-tools folder.

The program interprets any line in a config file that contains a `:` as specifying a key:value pair and adds them to a corresponding dictionary.  The program will attempt to interpret the value as an integer, then as a float, then as a string.  Lines without a `:` are ignored, but I've sometimes used the `|` character as a stylistic comment marker anyway. 

`settings_selection.txt` contains four options:
 - `parameters` specifies config file for the numerical values for various parameters used by the program, including model parameters and numerical tolerances.
 - `modules` specifies the config file for the customisable modules loaded by the program to construct the full model.  This takes the folder `modules` as its root folder.  Some modules are mandatory and not specified in this file; these are contained in the folder `modules/general`.
 - `arrays` specifies the config file for the arrays to be generated by the program.  These are specified in a key:length:data-type triplet, rather than the usual key:value pair.
 - `import` specifies the config file for which arrays should be initialised with values from which files (located in the top-level directory, along with `evolver.py`).  Arrays not mentioned are instead initialised algorithmically through modules.

The imported settings are accessed as follows:
 - For `parameters`, the key:value pairs are stored in the dictionary `lookup` in the module `modules.general.Control`.
 - For `modules`, most imported modules are bound to hardcoded aliases in `modules.general.Control`.  The exception are array initialisation modules, which are imported temporarily then discarded.
 - For `arrays`, the arrays specified are stored as in the dictionaries `host_arrays` and `device_arrays` in the module `modules.general.array_manager`.  These correspond to the CPU-side array and the GPU-side version of that array, respectively.  The module `modules.general.array_manager` also provides functions for copying the host array to the device array, or the device array to the host array.
    - By default, arrays start initialised as all-zero arrays.  They can then be initialised algorithmically via imported module (this also requires adding the corresponding array:module pair to the hardcoded dictionary `references` in `modules.general.Control` for any new arrays you create), or they can be initialised from file via the `import` file (no extra hard-coding needed).  The algorithmic initialisation is device-side and occurs after import-from-file initialisation, which allows for the algorithm to modify or overwrite the file values if both are used.
 - For `import`, the filenames are only used temporarily and are not retained for permanent access.
